Ignore all subannual volcanic rf files (#236)
openclimatedata/pymagicc: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> - (`#236 <https://github.com/openclimatedata/pymagicc/pull/236>`_) Ignore subannual volcanic timeseries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#236 <https://github.com/openclimatedata/pymagicc/pull/236>`_) Put subannual volcanic timeseries on unsupported file list temporarily to allow runs with ``out_forcing=True``
```

> - (`#236 <https://github.com/openclimatedata/pymagicc/pull/236>`_) Made all subannual files raise an InvalidTemporalResError exception as ScmDataFrame can't handle merging annual and subannual timeseries together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#236 <https://github.com/openclimatedata/pymagicc/pull/236>`_) Made all subannual files raise an InvalidTemporalResError exception as ScmDataFrame can't handle merging annual and subannual timeseries together yet
```
